Ajeet Bhaiya Professional Site Information

 


Liugong IndiaLiugong India
Full-time · 5 yrs 11 mosFull-time · 5 yrs 11 mos
•	
o	
Sr.ManagerSr.Manager
Apr 2023 - Present · 2 yrs 2 mosApr 2023 to Present · 2 yrs 2 mosIndore, Madhya Pradesh, India · On-siteIndore, Madhya Pradesh, India · On-site
	
	1. Managed large scale projects and Introduced new systems, tools and process to achieve challenging objectives
2. Spearheaded large scale projects such as Breakeven of Excavators & Compactors, delivering cost-effective solutions.
3. Successfully developed & Executed comprehensive roadmaps for Breakeven and profitability in Excavators & Compactors.
4. Achieved 59% reduction in line losses through process optimization and enhanced operational controls.
5. Reduced inventory turnover days by 33%, improving supply chain efficiency and working capital utilization.
6. Lowered logistics costs by 17% through route optimization and vendor negotiation strategies
7. Led cross-functional teams, fostering culture of innovation and continuous improvement, resulting in enhanced product quality and efficiency & developing parts with 90%+ FTR
8. Cut consumables costs by 14% by implementing cost-effective procurement practices and waste management 
9. Recommended and implemented successful strategies to maximize revenue.
10. Re-negotiated contracts to optimize cost.
11. Conducted performance evaluation, compensations and hiring to maintain appropriate staffing requirements.
12. Boosted team member productivity by enhancing performance monitoring and institutional approaches.
13. Collaborated with cross-functional teams to ensure smooth localization and production, converting a loss-making machine into a profit-making one1. Managed large scale projects and Introduced new systems, tools and process to achieve challenging objectives 2. Spearheaded large scale projects such as Breakeven of Excavators & Compactors, delivering cost-effective solutions. 3. Successfully developed & Executed comprehensive roadmaps for Breakeven and profitability in Excavators & Compactors. 4. Achieved 59% reduction in line losses through process optimization and enhanced operational controls. 5. Reduced inventory turnover days by 33%, improving supply chain efficiency and working capital utilization. 6. Lowered logistics costs by 17% through route optimization and vendor negotiation strategies 7. Led cross-functional teams, fostering culture of innovation and continuous improvement, resulting in enhanced product quality and efficiency & developing parts with 90%+ FTR 8. Cut consumables costs by 14% by implementing cost-effective procurement practices and waste management 9. Recommended and implemented successful strategies to maximize revenue. 10. Re-negotiated contracts to optimize cost. 11. Conducted performance evaluation, compensations and hiring to maintain appropriate staffing requirements. 12. Boosted team member productivity by enhancing performance monitoring and institutional approaches. 13. Collaborated with cross-functional teams to ensure smooth localization and production, converting a loss-making machine into a profit-making one
	
	Skills: Supplier Management · P&L Reporting · Supply Management · Teamwork · Supplier Development · Negotiation · Request for Quotation (RFQ) · Vendor Relations · Logistics Management · Procurement · Business Profitability · Localization · Cost Savings · Strategic Sourcing · Commodities · Target Costing · Organizational Leadership · Project Management · Demand Planning · Engineering Changes · Business Planning · Supplier Relationship Management · Localization Testing · Microsoft Excel · Successful Negotiation · Product Development · Cost DriversSkills: Supplier Management · P&L Reporting · Supply Management · Teamwork · Supplier Development · Negotiation · Request for Quotation (RFQ) · Vendor Relations · Logistics Management · Procurement · Business Profitability · Localization · Cost Savings · Strategic Sourcing · Commodities · Target Costing · Organizational Leadership · Project Management · Demand Planning · Engineering Changes · Business Planning · Supplier Relationship Management · Localization Testing · Microsoft Excel · Successful Negotiation · Product Development · Cost Drivers
o	
ManagerManager
Mar 2022 - Mar 2023 · 1 yr 1 moMar 2022 to Mar 2023 · 1 yr 1 moMadhya Pradesh, India · On-siteMadhya Pradesh, India · On-site
	
	1. Spearheaded localization projects for Wheel loaders & Motor Graders, delivering cost-effective solution
2. Met project deadlines without sacrificing build quality or workplace safety
3. Development of Proprietary parts such as Pumps, Cylinders, Motors & Valves (China, Korea, Germany, Italy & India)
4. Developed and initiated projects, managed costs and monitored performance.
5. Planned, designed and scheduled phases for large projects.
6. Utilized Zero Base Costing (ZBC), process re-engineering, and negotiation to optimize costs and drive profitability.
7. Cross trained existing employees to maximize team agility and performance.
8. Maximized performance by monitoring daily activities and mentoring team members.
9. Co-ordinated with CFT to resolve project issues and mitigate risks.
10. Drafted project reports to identify successful outcomes, insights and future recommendations.
11. Developed and implemented strategic project plans to meet business objectives.
12. Scheduled and facilitated meeting between project stakeholders to discuss deliverables, schedules and conflicts.
13. Defined clear targets and objectives and communicated to other team members.
14. Maintained open communication by pursuing regular updates on project status to top management.1. Spearheaded localization projects for Wheel loaders & Motor Graders, delivering cost-effective solution 2. Met project deadlines without sacrificing build quality or workplace safety 3. Development of Proprietary parts such as Pumps, Cylinders, Motors & Valves (China, Korea, Germany, Italy & India) 4. Developed and initiated projects, managed costs and monitored performance. 5. Planned, designed and scheduled phases for large projects. 6. Utilized Zero Base Costing (ZBC), process re-engineering, and negotiation to optimize costs and drive profitability. 7. Cross trained existing employees to maximize team agility and performance. 8. Maximized performance by monitoring daily activities and mentoring team members. 9. Co-ordinated with CFT to resolve project issues and mitigate risks. 10. Drafted project reports to identify successful outcomes, insights and future recommendations. 11. Developed and implemented strategic project plans to meet business objectives. 12. Scheduled and facilitated meeting between project stakeholders to discuss deliverables, schedules and conflicts. 13. Defined clear targets and objectives and communicated to other team members. 14. Maintained open communication by pursuing regular updates on project status to top management.
	
	Skills: Supplier Management · P&L Reporting · Supply Management · Category Management · Teamwork · Supplier Development · Contract Negotiation · Steel Fabrication · Negotiation · Request for Quotation (RFQ) · Vendor Relations · Logistics Management · Raw Materials · Supply Chain Management · Procurement · Change Management · Business Profitability · Localization · Cost Savings · Strategic Sourcing · Manufacturing Techniques · Commodities · Target Costing · Organizational Leadership · Demand Planning · Engineering Changes · Business Planning · Commodity Markets · Inventory Management · Supplier Relationship Management · Localization Testing · Microsoft Excel · Successful Negotiation · Cost DriversSkills: Supplier Management · P&L Reporting · Supply Management · Category Management · Teamwork · Supplier Development · Contract Negotiation · Steel Fabrication · Negotiation · Request for Quotation (RFQ) · Vendor Relations · Logistics Management · Raw Materials · Supply Chain Management · Procurement · Change Management · Business Profitability · Localization · Cost Savings · Strategic Sourcing · Manufacturing Techniques · Commodities · Target Costing · Organizational Leadership · Demand Planning · Engineering Changes · Business Planning · Commodity Markets · Inventory Management · Supplier Relationship Management · Localization Testing · Microsoft Excel · Successful Negotiation · Cost Drivers
o	
Assistant Manager - Vendor DevelopmentAssistant Manager - Vendor Development
Mar 2021 - Mar 2022 · 1 yr 1 moMar 2021 to Mar 2022 · 1 yr 1 moIndore, Madhya Pradesh, IndiaIndore, Madhya Pradesh, India
	
	1. Supported senior managers and department leaders by completing projects and problem resolution under tight budgets and schedule demands.
2. Helped with planning schedules and delegating assignments to meet coverage and service demands.
3. Mentored team members to enhance professional development and accountability in workplace.
4. Maintained tactical control of project budgets and timelines to keep teams on task and achieve schedule targets.
5. Partnered with project team members to identify and quickly address problems.
6. Recruited, interviewed and hired employees and implemented mentoring program to promote positive feedback and engagement.
7. Cultivated positive rapport with fellow employees to boost company morale and promote employee retention.
8. Developed detailed plans based on broad guidance and direction.
9. Developed and maintained project documentation for reliable records.
10. Generated weekly and monthly status reports for helpful progress tracking.
11. Reported regularly to managers on project budget, progress and technical problems.
12. Tracked project and team member performance closely to quickly intervene in mistakes or delays.1. Supported senior managers and department leaders by completing projects and problem resolution under tight budgets and schedule demands. 2. Helped with planning schedules and delegating assignments to meet coverage and service demands. 3. Mentored team members to enhance professional development and accountability in workplace. 4. Maintained tactical control of project budgets and timelines to keep teams on task and achieve schedule targets. 5. Partnered with project team members to identify and quickly address problems. 6. Recruited, interviewed and hired employees and implemented mentoring program to promote positive feedback and engagement. 7. Cultivated positive rapport with fellow employees to boost company morale and promote employee retention. 8. Developed detailed plans based on broad guidance and direction. 9. Developed and maintained project documentation for reliable records. 10. Generated weekly and monthly status reports for helpful progress tracking. 11. Reported regularly to managers on project budget, progress and technical problems. 12. Tracked project and team member performance closely to quickly intervene in mistakes or delays.
	
	Skills: Supplier Management · P&L Reporting · Supply Management · Category Management · Teamwork · Supplier Development · Contract Negotiation · Steel Fabrication · Negotiation · Request for Quotation (RFQ) · Vendor Relations · Raw Materials · Supply Chain Management · Procurement · Change Management · Business Profitability · Localization · Cost Savings · Strategic Sourcing · Manufacturing Techniques · Commodities · Target Costing · Organizational Leadership · Demand Planning · Engineering Changes · Business Planning · Commodity Markets · Inventory Management · Supplier Relationship Management · Localization Testing · Microsoft Excel · Successful Negotiation · Cost Drivers



Education

Deogiri institute of engineering and management studiesDeogiri institute of engineering and management studies
Bachelor of Engineering (B.E.), Mechanical EngineeringBachelor of Engineering (B.E.), Mechanical Engineering2012 - 20152012 - 2015
•	Activities and societies: Entrepreneurs group, Startup groupsActivities and societies: Entrepreneurs group, Startup groups
•	
o	Lead - Transmission system and Designing team of SAE BAJA team. 

